synergy 2 is available now and makes
sharing a keyboard and mouse between two
systems
so simple that anyone could do it check
it out in the link of the description
down below we're going in wind checking
out the 915 full tower chassis as you
can see there is a lot of curved
aluminum this case uses all aluminum
minimum three millimeters thick
normally here there's a tempered glass
side panel it would look like that
there's another tempered glass side
panel on the back the curvature of the
case as you can see there's a big nice
curve along the front of the case and on
the back is to house this top mechanical
unit you can see when I press this
button it goes down when I press the
button again it goes up as you may have
expected also when you turn the computer
off about roughly 10 ish seconds later
it will automatically go down that is to
prevent dust from just floating into the
computer it could have maybe solved this
with a just a dust cover or something
like that but that's not as cool as a
mechanized top that has like glass on it
so you can properly see all your fans
it looks great now you might be
wondering due to this curved front and
this curved back how do you get to your
radiator and stuff or how do you plug
things in will you get to your radiator
by opening up this back with two captive
thumb screws once you unscrew them they
stay there these are fully unscrewed
right now you open it up this is how you
would plug things like cables or flash
drives in you'd run it through the
grating in the back if it's a cable or
you just leave it where it is if it's a
flash drive then there's two captive
screws again on the bottom of this large
unit where you can see the motor for
making the thing go up and down you undo
those slide the whole thing back and up
and it releases just the mechanism for
the panel not the fan or the radiator
then you would access the fan or the
radiator by releasing a screw that's
right up near the front of the case
lifting that entire unit out then you
can change things put on a radiator put
on fans - all that kind of stuff outside
of the case mount that inside put this
mechanism back swing this thing back in
do the thumb screws and it's all closed
up moving on to the inside of the main
system compartment of the case you can
see there's quite a few fans there's two
fans right here there's three more fans
in the front
and there's one fan in the back the
breathability of this case however is
slightly questionable there's some funky
stuff going on there is that large
really good-looking aluminum curved
panel in the front but it's solid I
can't breathe through that there's
nowhere for it to breathe at the top
there's nowhere for it to breathe at the
side where the front breathes it's
actually through the bottom you can see
that the dusts filter at the bottom
actually extends all the way to the
front of the case capturing where these
few fans are so they have a little bit
of place to breathe from but there's
three of them so they're not going to be
pushing a huge amount of air through
that tiny little area but I guess you
could open the door if you wanted and
then they have a massive amount of place
to breathe from but no filter so it's up
to you these bottom two that are just
above like the power supply shroud which
is included and goes fully across the
case would breathe through the bottom
and the bottom is filtered as well now
when the backside of the case we have
another tempered glass panel but this
one is a little bit different as you can
see there's a whole whack ton of in win
logos on this this was done with the
intention of hiding the cables because
there's no panels or covers or anything
to hide your cable mess but it's not
very effective at this point in time it
doesn't actually really hide them at all
there is apparently plans in place to
change how the logos are laid out to try
to help hide your cables because with
tempered glass on the back panel you
really need to do something about that
but as this case isn't releasing until
about the end of q2 we aren't able to
see that at this time what is also
revealed back here is the fact that you
can mount up to 12 2 and a half inch
drives or eight two and a half inch
drives and four three and a half inch
drives the three and half inch drives or
two and a half inch drives four of them
would mount down here in the bottom with
these easy to release hard drive cages
and the rest of the two and a half inch
go in a whole bunch of different areas
in terms of front i/o you've got your
power button a reset button 2 USB 3
type-a ports a type C port a headphone a
microphone jack and the up and down vent
switch that we mentioned before this
case is not going to be cheap it's going
to be north of or equal to four hundred
and fifty US dollars but this is in
their more premium line of cases so that
is two
be expected if your wallet can take a
pretty sizable hit it could be an
interesting case to get other than that
its energy too is out they've simplified
a whole bunch of stuff with the new
release there's no longer the server
client settings that you have to set up
just all your systems will work together
it's also able to communicate over more
complicated networks that's energy to
you sooner if you one used to have
problems with back in the past so you
have to worry about that stuff anymore
there's a new UI there's SSL encrypted
connections it's it's much more simple
even able to access your computers
before you've logged into them if you
have all this stuff shared over which is
nice so you can move the stuff over
login from there everything's nice and
good to go if you want to check it out
check it out in the link in the
description all right thanks for
watching this video like it if you liked
it dislike if you disliked it get
subscribed to see probably not CES
content it's probably gonna be near the
end so get subscribed to see maybe like
one or two more videos from CES and then
the rest of just you know our normal
videos if you're tired of CES content be
sure to stay subscribed because it's
almost done I'll see you later